README.md, before:

# <img src="icons/48/vinegar.png"> Vinegar

![Workflow Status][workflow_img    ]
[![Version        ][version_img     ]][version     ]
[![Flathub        ][flathub_img     ]][flathub     ]
[![Report Card    ][goreportcard_img]][goreportcard]
[![Discord Server ][discord_img     ]][discord     ]

=======
## WARNING: DUE TO BYFRON ANTI-CHEAT, ROBLOX PLAYER CANNOT BE RUN UNDER WINE AT ALL UNDER VINEGAR OR ANY OTHER WRAPPER AT THIS TIME

A transparent wrapper for Roblox Player and Roblox Studio.

[workflow_img]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/vinegarhq/vinegar/build.yml
[version]: https://github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar/releases/latest
[version_img]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/vinegarhq/vinegar?display_name=tag
[flathub]: https://flathub.org/apps/details/io.github.vinegarhq.Vinegar
[flathub_img]: https://img.shields.io/flathub/downloads/io.github.vinegarhq.Vinegar
[goreportcard]:     https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar
[goreportcard_img]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar?style=flat-square
[discord]: https://discord.gg/dzdzZ6Pps2
[discord_img]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1069506340973707304

# Features
+ Automatic applying of [RCO](https://github.com/L8X/Roblox-Client-Optimizer) FFlags, when enabled in configuration 
  + Includes a built in FPS unlocker
  + Optimizes Roblox's performance
  + Disables a large portion of client telemetry
+ Automatic DXVK Installer and uninstaller
+ Automatic Wineprefix killer when Roblox has quit
+ Automatic Wineprefix version setter upon Wineprefix initialization
+ Browser launch via MIME
+ Custom execution of wine program within wineprefix
+ TOML Configuration file for setting environment variables (such as `DXVK_HUD`) and applying custom FFlags
+ Custom launcher specified to be used when launching Roblox (eg. [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode)).
+ Custom Wine 'root'
+ Custom Roblox Player & Studio launcher
+ Select/Force Roblox release channels
+ Faster Multi-threaded installation and execution of Roblox
+ Multiple instances of Roblox open simultaneously
+ Logging for both Vinegar and executions

# See Also
+ [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/dzdzZ6Pps2)
+ [Documentation](https://vinegarhq.github.io)
+ [Roblox-Studio-Mod-Manager](https://github.com/MaximumADHD/Roblox-Studio-Mod-Manager)
+ [Bloxstrap](https://github.com/pizzaboxer/bloxstrap)

# Acknowledgements
+ Big Thanks to [pizzaboxer](https://github.com/pizzaboxer)
+ Credits to [MaximumADHD](https://github.com/MaximumADHD)
+ Logo modified with Katie, made by the [Twemoji team](https://twemoji.twitter.com/), Licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
+ Katie usage authorized by [kitteh](https://ksiv.neocities.org)

Commit message:

readme: now bootstrapper
Signed-off-by: sewn <sewn@disroot.org>

README.md, after:

# <img src="icons/48/vinegar.png"> Vinegar

![Workflow Status][workflow_img    ]
[![Version        ][version_img     ]][version     ]
[![Flathub        ][flathub_img     ]][flathub     ]
[![Report Card    ][goreportcard_img]][goreportcard]
[![Discord Server ][discord_img     ]][discord     ]


## WARNING: DUE TO BYFRON ANTI-CHEAT, ROBLOX PLAYER CANNOT BE RUN UNDER WINE AT ALL UNDER VINEGAR OR ANY OTHER WRAPPER AT THIS TIME

An open-source, minimal, configurable, fast bootstrapper for running Roblox on Linux.

[workflow_img]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/vinegarhq/vinegar/build.yml
[version]: https://github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar/releases/latest
[version_img]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/vinegarhq/vinegar?display_name=tag
[flathub]: https://flathub.org/apps/details/io.github.vinegarhq.Vinegar
[flathub_img]: https://img.shields.io/flathub/downloads/io.github.vinegarhq.Vinegar
[goreportcard]:     https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar
[goreportcard_img]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/vinegarhq/vinegar?style=flat-square
[discord]: https://discord.gg/dzdzZ6Pps2
[discord_img]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1069506340973707304

# Features
+ Automatic applying of [RCO](https://github.com/L8X/Roblox-Client-Optimizer) FFlags, when enabled in configuration 
  + Includes a built in FPS unlocker
  + Optimizes Roblox's performance
  + Disables a large portion of client telemetry
+ Automatic DXVK Installer and uninstaller
+ Automatic Wineprefix killer when Roblox has quit
+ Automatic Wineprefix version setter upon Wineprefix initialization
+ Browser launch via MIME
+ Custom execution of wine program within wineprefix
+ TOML Configuration file for setting environment variables (such as `DXVK_HUD`) and applying custom FFlags
+ Custom launcher specified to be used when launching Roblox (eg. [GameMode](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode)).
+ Custom Wine 'root'
+ Custom Roblox Player & Studio launcher
+ Select/Force Roblox release channels
+ Faster Multi-threaded installation and execution of Roblox
+ Multiple instances of Roblox open simultaneously
+ Logging for both Vinegar and executions

# See Also
+ [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/dzdzZ6Pps2)
+ [Documentation](https://vinegarhq.github.io)
+ [Roblox-Studio-Mod-Manager](https://github.com/MaximumADHD/Roblox-Studio-Mod-Manager)
+ [Bloxstrap](https://github.com/pizzaboxer/bloxstrap)

# Acknowledgements
+ Big Thanks to [pizzaboxer](https://github.com/pizzaboxer)
+ Credits to [MaximumADHD](https://github.com/MaximumADHD)
+ Logo modified with Katie, made by the [Twemoji team](https://twemoji.twitter.com/), Licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
+ Katie usage authorized by [kitteh](https://ksiv.neocities.org)
